---
layout: home
---

<div class="banner">

h1. Hello.

</div>

<div class="colophon">

I do not choose to be a common person. It is my right to be uncommon—if I can. I seek opportunity—not security. I do not wish to be a kept citizen, humbled and dulled by having the state look after me. I want to take the calculated risk, to dream and to build,to fail and to succeed.

I refuse to barter incentive for a dole; I prefer the challenges of life to the guaranteed existence; the thrill of fulfillment to the stale calm of Utopia. I will not trade my freedom for beneficence nor my dignity for a handout. I will never cower before any master nor bend to any threat. It is my heritage to stand erect, proud, and unafraid;

to think and act for myself; to enjoy the benefit of my creations; and to face the world boldly and say:“This, with God’s help, I have done.”

                           "ENTREPRENEUR'S CREDO":http://baike.baidu.com/link?url=1M5J9nwfURhd3ojHaR_Nh2dQouRrI2J7x5sXkFZO4nzJ1YKK2_G3D7jYYFWikyqi_tiNaGqgj3rE90zNxR2zDq

</div>


<div class="section">

h4. He recently wrote

{% for post in site.posts limit: 5 %}
* "{{ post.title }}":{{ post.url }} <span class="line-meta">{{ post.date | date: "%A, %B %d, %Y" }}</span>
{% endfor %} 

<span class="more">"Full Archive &rarr;(View the Full Archives)":/journal/</span>

</div>

<div class="section">

h4. He recently released

 * "Delorean":http://github.com/mmonteleone/delorean <span class="line-meta">Flux capacitor for accurately faking time-bound JavaScript for testing purposes, including complex interactions of timeouts, intervals, and dates. </span>
 * "Pavlov":http://github.com/mmonteleone/pavlov <span class="line-meta">Behavioral API over QUnit and More</span> 
 * "DynamicBuilder":http://github.com/mmonteleone/nate <span class="line-meta">Suspiciously pleasant XML construction API for C# 4, inspired by  Ruby's Builder</span>
 * "jQuery.safetynet":http://github.com/mmonteleone/jquery.safetynet <span class="line-meta">A smarter in-browser "unsaved changes" warning plugin</span> 
 * "Nate":http://github.com/mmonteleone/nate <span class="line-meta">Simple little fluent state machine for C#</span>

<span class="more">"More Projects &rarr;(View All Projects)":/projects/</span>

</div>
